capital = 266

oob = "PER_1936"

set_research_slots = 0

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	field_equipment = 1
	starting_industry = 1
}
add_ideas = {
	no_spies_idea
	neutral_minor
}
set_convoys = 60
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	neutrality = 100
}

recruit_character = PER_reza_shah_pahlavi
recruit_character = PER_soleyman_mirza_eskandari
recruit_character = PER_hasan_arfa
recruit_character = PER_mohammad_reza_pahlavi
recruit_character = PER_ahmad_pesyan
recruit_character = PER_mahmud_jam
recruit_character = PER_ali_khan_mansour
recruit_character = PER_abdolreza_afkhami
recruit_character = PER_hassan_majid_firooz
recruit_character = PER_ahmad_khan_nakhjavan
recruit_character = PER_mohammed_nakhjavani
recruit_character = PER_ahmad_khan_nakhjaavan
recruit_character = PER_reza_mizani
recruit_character = PER_mir_afkhami
recruit_character = PER_fazlollah_zahedi
recruit_character = PER_ali_razmara
recruit_character = PER_ahmad_mira_khosravani
recruit_character = PER_mohammed_reza_pahlavi
recruit_character = PER_hossein_afkhami
recruit_character = PER_ali_akbar_deiva
recruit_character = PER_ali_zohayli

#His son, who came to power 41
